initial freezer monitor readme (#1906)
microsoft/azure_arc: docs/azure_jumpstart_ag/contoso_supermarket/freezer_monitor/_index.md

From the Client VM:

- Open the Edge browser, expand Grafana in the Favorites Bar, and select __Grafana Prod__
- Login with the username _admin_ and the Windows Admin Password you provided when you created your deployment
- Click the hamburger menu next to __Home__ then click __Dashboards__

  ![Grafana showing the Dashboards menu](./img/grafana_click_dashboards.png)
- Click __General__ to see the list of dashboards then click __Chicago - Freezer Monitoring__ to open the dashboard for Chicago

  ![Grafana showing list of Dashboards](./img/grafana_click_chicago.png)
  - Notice that __freezer2__ is showing significant variability and frequently exceeding the safe threshold of 20°F.

    ![Grafana showing the Chicago dashboard](./img/grafana_chicago_dashboard.png)
- The manager can use this dashboard directly when talking to the technician about the freezer.

### Scenario 2: Send alert when freezer is too warm

As the manager of the Chicago store, you can use the Grafana dashboard to see the current temperature, but you're a busy person so you want to be notified when the temperature exceeds the safe threshold of 15°F so you can take action immediately.

> __NOTE: This won't really send you email because the server is not configured to send smtp messages. However, it will help you understand the potential options available to a store manager.__

Reviewer: ```suggestion
__NOTE: This won't really send you email because the server is not configured to send Simple Mail Transfer Protocol (SMTP) messages. However, it will help you understand the potential options available to a store manager.__
```

      - Click away from the 'Legend' box, then back into it for the series names to update

        ![Grafana showing preview legend options](./img/grafana_add_alert_rule_preview_legend.png)
    - Notice in the chart the times where freezer2 exceeds the threshold and would trigger an alert
  - Section 3
    - Under __Folder__ type _Alerts_ and press __Enter__
    - Under __Evaluation group__ type _Alert Group_ and press __Enter__

      ![Grafana showing the Folder selection](./img/grafana_add_alert_rule_folder.png)
  - Scroll to the top of the page and click __Save and exit__

    ![Grafana showing the Save and exit button](./img/grafana_add_alert_rule_save.png)
- View your alert
  - Back on the __Alert rules__ page, type _freezer_ in the __Search__ box and press __Enter__
  - Expand the __Alerts > Alert Group__ folder to see your __Freezer too warm - food at risk__ alert
  - Expand the alert to view to __Silence__ it, __Show state history__, or quickly __edit__ or __delete__ the alert

    ![Grafana showing the new alert rule](./img/grafana_new_alert_rule.png)

### Scenario 3: Follow the data from the freezer to the dashboards

> In order to troubleshoot problems with the IoT data flow, it's important to understand the components involved so let's take a look at how the data flows from from a simulated freezer to the dashboards in Azure Data Explorer and Grafana.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to troubleshoot problems with the IoT data flow, it's important to understand the components involved. Take a look at how the data flows from a simulated freezer to the dashboards in ADX and Grafana.
```

To see data being produced by the MQTT Simulator

From the Client VM:

- Open __Visual Studio Code__
- Click on the __Kubernetes__ icon in the Activity Bar on the left

  ![Visual Studio Code showing the Kubernetes icon](./img/vscode_kubernetes_icon.png)
- Right-click on the __Chicago__ cluster and select __Set as Current Cluster__

  ![Visual Studio Code showing the Set as Current Cluster menu](./img/vscode_set_as_current_cluster.png)
- Expand __Chicago__ > __Namespaces__, right-click on __sensor-monitor__ and select __Use Namespace__

  ![Visual Studio Code showing the Use Namespace menu](./img/vscode_use_namespace.png)
- Expand __Chicago__ > __Workloads__ > __Pods__ then right-click on the 'sensor-monitor-simulator-xxx' pod and select 'Logs'

  ![Visual Studio Code showing the Logs menu](./img/vscode_simulator_logs_menu.png)
- In the Logs view click __Run__ to see the logs

  ![Visual Studio Code showing the Logs window](./img/vscode_simulator_logs_run.png)
- This won't show you the values being produced, but it will show you that data is being published to the MQTT Broker

  ![Visual Studio Code showing the Simulator logs](./img/vscode_simulator_logs.png)

#### MQTT Broker

> The MQTT Broker is a container running Mosquitto in each AKS Edge Essentials cluster like the simulator. It receives the data from the simulator and sends it to the Azure IoT Hub. It also makes the data available for a third service, MQTT2Prometheus, which we'll discuss in a moment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The MQTT Broker is a container running Mosquitto in each AKS Edge Essentials cluster like the simulator. It receives the data from the simulator and sends it to the Azure IoT Hub. It also makes the data available for a third service, MQTT2Prometheus, and is explained below.
```

To see data being received by the MQTT Broker

> Assuming you have completed the steps to view the MQTT Simulator logs above:

Reviewer: I think so. This statement is redundant and can be removed.

Author: Removed

- Expand __Chicago__ > __Workloads__ > __Pods__ then right-click on the 'sensor-monitor-simulator-xxx' pod and select 'Logs'

  ![Visual Studio Code showing the Logs menu](./img/vscode_broker_logs_menu.png)
- In the Logs view click __Run__ to see the logs

  ![Visual Studio Code showing the Logs window](./img/vscode_broker_logs_run.png)

> - This won't show you the values being received or forwarded, but it will show you the connections from the 2 simulated freezer devices to the broker, as well as the connections from the broker to Azure IoT Hub for each freezer device. Finally, it shows the connection from __sensor-monitor-mqtt2prom__ which subscribes to the freezer data on the broker and makes it available to Prometheus, but more on that a bit later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This won't show you the values being received or forwarded, but it will show you the connections from the 2 simulated freezer devices to the MQTT broker, as well as the connections from the MQTT broker to Azure IoT Hub for each freezer device. Finally, it shows the connection from __sensor-monitor-mqtt2prom__ which subscribes to the freezer data on the MQTT broker and makes it available to Prometheus and is explained in the sections below.
```

  ![Visual Studio Code showing the Simulator logs](./img/vscode_broker_logs.png)

#### Azure IoT Hub

> From the MQTT Broker the data is sent to Azure IoT Hub, which is a managed service, hosted in the cloud, that acts as a central message hub for bi-directional communication between your IoT application and the devices it manages. You can use IoT Hub to build IoT solutions with reliable and secure communications between millions of IoT devices and a cloud-hosted solution backend. You can connect virtually any device to IoT Hub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From the MQTT Broker the data is sent to Azure IoT Hub, which is a managed service, hosted in the cloud, that acts as a central message hub for bi-directional communication between your IoT application and the devices it manages. You can use IoT Hub to build IoT solutions with reliable and secure communications between millions of IoT devices and a cloud-hosted solution backend. You can connect virtually any device to the IoT Hub.
```

To see whether data is being received by Azure IoT Hub for your devices

From your local machine:

- Open Resource Groups in the Azure Portal - [https://portal.azure.com](https://ms.portal.azure.com/#browse/resourcegroups)
- Click the new resource group you created for __Jumpstart Agora__
- Click __Ag-IotHub-xxxxx__ to open the IoT Hub

  ![Azure Portal showing the IoT Hub](./img/azure_portal_iot_hub.png)
- Click __Queries__ in the left navigation menu

  ![Azure Portal showing the IoT Hub Queries](./img/azure_portal_iot_hub_queries.png)
- Click __Run query__

  ![Azure Portal showing the IoT Hub Run query button](./img/azure_portal_iot_hub_queries_run.png)
  
- Scroll down to where you see __"deviceId": "Freezer-1-Chicago"__
- Review the __"connectionState"__ and __"lastActivityTime"__ values to see if the device is connected and sending data

  ![Azure Portal showing the IoT Hub Run query results](./img/azure_portal_iot_hub_queries_results.png)
- Repeat the last 2 steps above for __"Freezer-2-Chicago"__

> #### Azure Data Explorer (ADX)

Reviewer: Do we need this section? Reference to the first occurrence of ADX name should be enough for the user to visit ADX service documentation page and learn more.

Author: Removed

> Azure Data Explorer (ADX) is a cloud service that ingests, stores, and analyzes diverse data from any data source. It is a fast, fully managed data analytics service for real-time analysis on large volumes of data streaming (i.e. log and telemetry data) from applications, websites, IoT devices, and more. ADX is a great choice for analyzing data from IoT devices because it can ingest data from a variety of sources, including IoT Hub, which is how we're getting the data from the MQTT Broker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ADX is a cloud service that ingests, stores, and analyzes diverse data from any data source. It is a fast, fully managed data analytics service for real-time analysis on large volumes of data streaming (i.e. log and telemetry data) from applications, websites, IoT devices, and more. ADX is a great choice for analyzing data from IoT devices because it can ingest data from a variety of sources, including the IoT Hub, which is how we're getting the data from the MQTT Broker.
```
